[doc] Improve the dev install doc (#3685)
taichi-dev/taichi: README.md

 - On Windows, please install [Microsoft Visual C++ Redistributable](https://aka.ms/vs/16/release/vc_redist.x64.exe) if you haven't.
 - [[All releases]](https://github.com/taichi-dev/taichi/releases)

## Contributing

> We welcome feedback and comments! If you would like to contribute to Taichi, please check out [CONTRIBUTING.md](CONTRIBUTING.md).

Reviewer: We'd love to hear your comments or any of your feedback! If you would like to contribute to Taichi, please check out the [Contribution Guidelines](CONTRIBUTING.md) first.

Reviewer: Off-topic: Just so you know, contributing.md only holds a link to another contribution guideline on the doc site.

Author: ```suggestion
We'd love to hear your comments or any of your feedback! If you would like to contribute to Taichi, please check out the [Contribution Guidelines](CONTRIBUTING.md) first. 
```
